So let's make this even
a little bit more robust,
just to show you how to do
redirects in react router.
So let's head back to, our error boundary.
Let's say we want to redirect the user.
So click here to go back to the home page.
Or wait five seconds.
That's good behavior, right?
We're going to show them an error message.
And then after five seconds,
we're just going to redirect
them back to the homepage.
How would you do that?
Well, up here from react router DOM,
there's another component called redirect
that anytime you render,
it's just going to redirect somewhere.
So here I'm gonna say has error and
I'm also gonna get a hidden
state rather, redirect, redirect, false.
And then we're gonna make another life
cycle method here component did update.
This gets called anytime that
the component updates itself, right.
So if this.state.hasError, so
if it has an error then set a timeout.
For this.setState
redirect, true.
And we'll do that after five seconds.
So 5,000 cuz it counts in milliseconds,
right?
Okay?
Next thing here.
If, this.state.redirect return.
Redirect, to /.
Else do these other things.
Just to walk through it,
user hits and error.
We call are get derived state from props.
So return hasError true, right?
That's going to update it.
So that's going to kick us
into component did catch.
That's going to call our Azure monitor or
track j s or whatever.
Then because has error updated, it's
going to call this component did update.
And then that's gonna kick off a timer for
five seconds that if the user, you know,
doesn't do anything, it's going to
redirect them back to the homepage.
So let's see that in action.
Go to details and we're going to
throw a new error throw new error.
Okay.
We should be able to just wait and then
it should take us back to the homepage.
So it's not doing it.
Let's figure out why.
It's not com calling component did update.
Well another way of doing this for
sure that's gonna work is
we could absolutely put this
inside of component did catch.
And that did end up working as well.
You know why this isn't working?
I actually know exactly
why this is not working.
componentDidupdate cannot be called
on the very first time that it
renders which you would assume that you
wouldn't hit an error on the first time.
But that's not always true.
So this actually is a bad fit for
this particular place.
So there you go.
Learn something with Brian as he was
learning, stumbling around here.
componentDidupdate will never
be called on the first time.
So this is actually a better place to
do it if you immediately have an error,
which you shouldn't because that's
basically a syntax error and or
just throwing an error here.
So but to be a bit more defensive,
you can put it in component did
catch here and that'll handle that.
All right.
So don't throw in your renders.
Pro tip just in general.
Don't throw new errors and hot code paths.
Okay, put that back to 5000.
The key takeaway here is redirect, right?
This is actually how you do
redirects with react router.
You just render a redirect component and
we'll send you on your way.